far as where the lens is we're talking about 30 inches away and so about you
about 30 inches away and so about you
about 30 inches away and so about you know two arms length distance and it
know two arms length distance and it
know two arms length distance and it gives me this great look in my nice
gives me this great look in my nice
gives me this great look in my nice little small office cool little life
little small office cool little life
little small office cool little life hack that i like to do is actually use a
hack that i like to do is actually use a
hack that i like to do is actually use a wireless remote to start and stop
wireless remote to start and stop
wireless remote to start and stop recording
recording
recording now this is like the vlog grip but you
now this is like the vlog grip but you
now this is like the vlog grip but you don't need this it's a very inexpensive
don't need this it's a very inexpensive
don't need this it's a very inexpensive purchase to buy a wireless remote to
purchase to buy a wireless remote to
purchase to buy a wireless remote to start and stop recording for really any
start and stop recording for really any
start and stop recording for really any camera that you use and i would
camera that you use and i would
camera that you use and i would encourage it and one thing that i
encourage it and one thing that i
encourage it and one thing that i actually use it for to make my editing
actually use it for to make my editing
actually use it for to make my editing faster is when i have a good take i just
faster is when i have a good take i just
faster is when i have a good take i just end the recording because now that i
end the recording because now that i
end the recording because now that i know in editing when the clip ends it's
know in editing when the clip ends it's
know in editing when the clip ends it's going to be a good take right before
going to be a good take right before
going to be a good take right before that clip ends and so that'll just speed
that clip ends and so that'll just speed
that clip ends and so that'll just speed up some of your workflow and so that is
up some of your workflow and so that is
up some of your workflow and so that is the sony zve10 with the sigma lens and
the sony zve10 with the sigma lens and
the sony zve10 with the sigma lens and one thing i absolutely love about the
one thing i absolutely love about the
one thing i absolutely love about the sony zve10 is its ability to be used for